tue
Damn
This is from the sky plastic model
In the place, this time I'm out here in Lapite I'm out in the sky Lracta
Here is the name of a pirate named Flapter
Do you want to make it sound like a small machine ?
That very
It's an interesting and interesting king, but it's a guy released in 2004
Do I
Well it was like and painted bought at what interesting this kind of kit um Yara Chan Well then a few later
I think you're thinking
Well it is pretty good here
Ah ah ah ah
Explain this feeling
this
This explanation is paused and you can read it and read it.
I think it's alright maybe
Yes Well, that I have no surely in Adecco Kinkiraki
Nja but I do not imagine I'm this Well, if the time being please in Taeyang
me
Keep for a long time
Yeah yeah yeah
bouvet I'm still narrative over the camera
Well wildebeest I'm not making know the Boo Boo
We did not meet here gradient
It was quite fine and I tried to make it dirty like this
That even I who paints to choose people here Well next to that was doing with this
a kind of dirty thing
In this way a mark 6
I've come up with example I imagine that the Tteyuu Do Eejanaika'm not Kaneko Tteyuu continue
I would like to paint that but
A it's okay An'nu but is this time it is the grunt here decisive judgment
First of all this coloring of the body
a It is called here a set meal
Oh dear
I want to like this try brown ne What do
Hmm
Good for color
It looks like this Mister kara Goth Tenn
The later eh O and Well in this go together two first this in which you want rather drink
I went out in a little bit
First of all I wipe the whole after this
Monochromatic 1 one of retirement only o
8 is like this at the end
a This kind of part or the end of here
Part of the mold warfare
If it was blowing well, it is that only this has spouted an single item
Wintering
This part is a part of the pool part of the protection I'm riding on this color and 9 minutes a month
Hujaledome
Color ring called
There was a color called a radome + a little bit of matte black was mixed Well this 2
It is this three
Make Nezarsk mixed color
I tried to guarantee
Oh dear
I thought that the fine taste comes out is the trick how to was found beneath the gym always monochromatic Bakka
I used some curling that I sold, but I still mixed myself
8 I would say that if you make something, it tastes good
Something comes out of it
Yup
So I guess I would prefer that one
I I'd tried to paint as much as possible feel-ish in the outer cutting machine in the flame Kaneechotto play
Yup
Well in this I wonder if everyone is fun Ghibli life